Rest Student API Testing with Postman Newman This project demonstrates API testing using Postman, providing a collection of tests to validate various endpoints of the API.

Features : Tests for GET Student, Create Student, Get specific student, Create Technical skills, Create student address, Get final student details Collection of tests covering different API endpoints Environment setup for easy switching between environments Pre-request scripts for data setup Test scripts for assertions and validations API Documentation: https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/38812065/2sAY52cK76
Technology used: Postman Newman Prerequisite: Node Js Newman Newman Html Report Library Installation Postman: If you haven't already, download and install Postman. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/Tahsan-sourov1997/Rest-Booking-Api-testing-project.git Import the Postman collection: Open Postman. Click on the Import button. Select the file from the repository. Import the Postman environment: In Postman, click on the gear icon in the top right corner. Select Import and choose the file. Newman and Report Installation Process: Newman Install Command: npm install -g newman Newman Html Report Install Command: npm install -g newman-reporter-htmlextra Usage Select Environment: In Postman, select the appropriate environment (e.g., Development, Production) from the top-right dropdown. Run Collection: Select the imported collection from the Collections sidebar. Click on the Runner button to open the collection runner. Select the desired environment. Click Start Test to run the collection. View Results: Once the tests are complete, view the results in the Runner tab. Detailed test results can be viewed for each request.
Screenshot of report :
